Sub clipping is a neat feature that
allows you to send in pre-cut versions
of your recordings. Let's say you're
filming a reading session. You might
record the entire session, but only want
to send in a few highlights. With sub
clipping, you can easily pick out those
moments and send them directly to the
editor. To do this, it's smart to turn
off auto send before you start
recording. That way, the full recording
won't be sent in automatically. Once the
video is recorded, go to your media tab
and open the clip. You'll see the video
with a timeline at the bottom. Here you
can set in-n-out points to define the
section you want to turn into a subclip.
When you're happy with the selection,
tap the button that appears on the
right. You'll now be able to name your
new clip and either just save it or
choose create and send to cutting room.
Your new clip will show up in the media
tab marked with a small scissor icon in
the corner. And if you want to refine it
even more, just tap on the sub clip
again. You can edit it the same way or
even make new sub clips from it.
[Music]
Turning on automatic transcripts can
also make sub clipping easier. With
transcript support, you'll see the
spoken words aligned with the video,
letting you scroll through the dialogue
and set in and out points based on what
was said. It's a great way to find key
quotes or moments faster, especially in
interviews or long recordings. To enable
this, tap on your active room in the top
left corner. Go to settings and enable
AI transcripts.
Don't forget to pick the right language.
Once that's done, transcripts will be
generated automatically for each new
recording.